9/10/2024
Ring doesn't apply extra weapon if you get it before getting the initial weapon upgrade.
Flail is too strong, at 3:00 with level 4 flail I can just stand still. Still going at 4:15. This is even with just a single one.
Grenade seems to fail to target something, sometimes. Its just throwing it at my feet.

Leveling is too quick. I just obtained Flail level 4 (after lowering knockback), in 60 seconds.
Flail is very strong until enemy_3 shows up.

Ring doesn't seem to work on flail level 1 even if you get it after getting the flail.
Ring does apply to grenade correctly, even if you get the grenade after.

Orb doesn't seem worth it after level 1
Enemy_2 doesn't have enough knockback resist
Scroll and Tome don't seem worth it
Grenade seems to break after level 3 or 4, doesn't target.
Level curve could be smoother, after level 20 it gets quite slow. This is mainly because the enemies are harder to kill I think.
Boots speed curve should be gentler, probably make it upgrade 8 times and set current level 4 as level 8 speed.
Gun seems the most fun.
Armor seems more worth it now the leveling curve is steeper.
Im setting the level curve back to what it was, because there are too many enemies and I can't kill them fast enough.
Grenade radius should scale with level
Grenade seems fine at level 3 now?
Grenade also fine at level 4?
Level curve immediately gets too steep at level 20
Gun seems the only way to carve a path where you want, at the moment.
Flail level 4 still seems too strong, with a single one enemeis can't get to me at 6:30
When you stand still with the overpowered flail, too many enemies spawn, as you don't kill them fast enough but they can't hurt you.

10/10/2024

Adjusted orb range by increments of 32 instead of 16

I assume ring does work with flail, they just get spawned in the same position. Lets test that. Confirmed.
Hitstop is still large when hit by 5+ damage, even if it does 1 damage because of armor.
Added a radius modifier to the grenade, increasing by 8 per level.
Fixed the issue where flails would spawn ontop of each other, but if you get a ring before getting a flail it still only spawns 1.
Grenade particles should scale with explosion radius
Enemy shadows should fade out as the dissolve shader fades out.
Maybe make ring more rare.
Flail works now, caps out at 4, but won't break if ammo + additional attacks go above 4 somehow.
Flail needs sound.
Grenade particles now scale linearly with radius.
Need fix sword tomorrow. Or think of alternative.
Should change enemy death sound, its annoying. Use something simpler like a big OOF.
Normalized flail knockback, still need to adjust the knockback amounts accordingly.
Need to fix knockback, it should always push enemies away from the player.